as the movie starts we are shown a
general
he was hanging some farmers
there were many people gathered
two boys named alejandro and joaquin
they were seeing all this while cutting
the cloth from a wagon
suddenly a man comes there asks them
what are you doing here
they say we are waiting for a zorro
he asks them to move from there
then a man comes and informs the general
that santa's men are two miles away from
here the general thanks him
he says the government is thankful to
you for your services
he says i know santa very well
he will know that we are good taxpayers
then he says to his soldiers to take out
all the kids from here
he says to the man these kids shouldn't
see all this we do
the soldier was taking out those boys
meanwhile zoro comes there
those kids become happy zorro fights
with those soldiers
he says thanks to those boys and makes
them wear the silver medal
the people there were saying zoro's name
loudly
then sora goes to the general while
jumping with his unique stunt he asks
him why did you hold those innocent
farmers to capture me
with it he writes zee with his sword on
his neck
the general says i can do anything to
kill you
i can kill anyone
after warning him zoro goes to his
family
he tells his daughter the story of zorro
there was a corrupt general
to hold a brave prince he holds some
innocent farmers
his wife asks what did the brave prince
do
he says that the brave prince has killed
all of them
then he came to his beautiful a wife and
daughter
zorro's wife says his daughter listens
to his story keenly
zorro says when she will grow elder she
will have no time to listen to my story
his wife says even at this age i like to
listen to your story
why she will not feel good
they were talking meanwhile the general
comes there to arrest zorro
zoro fights with them
the general shoots his wife
his daughter was weeping inside
when sora goes to see his daughter he
hits him from behind
he says i want to capture you alive
then he set the house of sorrow on fire
and takes his daughter with him
after 20 years we see alejandro and
joaquin became robbers
a man was with them
they were running joaquin asks alejandro
to run from there
then the captain holds him and asks who
are you
joaquin shoots himself
now the man of the general asks the
soldiers to cut his head
he says to bring his body after cutting
his head
the medal that zorro has given him fell
there and alejandro was seeing all this
secretly
he was aggressive
he holds the silver medal
the general returns california and asks
the people whom he trapped
who is the black mask zoro among you
a man says i am zorro
they all say we are zorro
but zoro didn't reveal himself and they
killed a man considering him zorro the
man was wearing a black mask
after killing the soldier's aura leaves
from there
the general says to the people i know
you are not happy to see me
you are paid to come here
then he says who helped you always
they all say zoro has always fought for
us
we see there is sorrow also in that
crowd
he was coming to kill him but zorro's
daughter comes there
she is now a young pretty girl then we
see alejandro who was drunk
to buy more drinks he sells that medal
zorro comes there and asks him whose
medal is this
he tells him this is the medal of my
brother who is dead now
meanwhile the man of the general comes
there
alejandro goes to kill him
zorro stops him and says now you are
drunk
he has soldiers with him if you will
fight with him you will be killed
alejandro fights with zorro
zorro hits him
he asks him will you try more
he says if you want to take your
brother's revenge we can do it together
he asks why will you help me
zorro says because you also helped me
zoro gives him the tough training
in which he teaches him how to handle
the sword
he says lesson number one is not to
attack in anger
in lesson number two he gives him a
shower
in the next scene we see they were in a
market
alejandro sees soros horse there
it was running from those soldiers
while wearing the black mask alejandro
goes to take the horse there he finds
soros daughters named elena
alejandro asks her to be careful
when he releases the horse it starts
moving weirdly
it spreads destruction there
when they all come to know they capture
alejandro
alejandro was fighting with them a tall
man comes there
he lifts him and throws him down
they all say him to kill him
alejandro breaks his teeth with a metal
ball
then he set the place on fire
it spreads in the building
he escapes and runs towards a church
going there he says to father i'm sorrow
and he thinks he is the real zorro
meanwhile he wasn't the real zorro
alejandro asks him to hide him somewhere
zoro's daughter was also there
alejandro heights and sorrow's daughter
thinks he is my father
she asks many voices are coming from
outside maybe there is some fight
outside
alejandro pretends he is the father
she says to him don't be worried you are
safe in the lord's house
the soldiers come with her while
searching for alejandro
when the girl goes out the generals man
asks her what are you doing here
she tells him i come here to confess
something
he says he is the priest
he understands alejandro is there he
runs from there
alejandro again attracts the horse
towards himself
he calls it while whistling as sora
calls it
it comes in when alejandro jumps on it
like zorro
he falls down but then he sits on the
horse
when he takes the horse to zorro zorro
ignores him
alejandro feels bad because he was
expecting that he will admire him
being angry he says now i will not take
any training or lectures from you
he was leaving from there but zorro
stops him
he says if you want to take revenge you
have to obey me
he says to him you have to become a
gentleman
and enter in the circle of the general
i will be your servant
he agrees then they go to the general
a party was going on there the general
introduces him to zorro's daughter
he gives her a rose as a gift after it
the girl invites him to her table for
dinner
the general tells everyone about
alejandro
then we see zorro is going as a servant
after coughing he asks the soldiers to
help he hits them
on another side they were discussing
zorro
zoro's daughter says for people he is a
hero
then every gentleman asks the girl one
by one for dance
zoro goes to general's room
when alejandro dances with elena
the people in the hall applause them
the general comes to alejandro
he asks him to join me in the meeting
with the other gentleman in the
courtyard
in the meeting the general says there is
still something that we have to achieve
we don't know our destination
now is the time when we have to search
for our destination
the destination we have to reach
the time has come to achieve or claim
the thing which belongs to us from
always
they introduced them to the independent
republic of california
they all applause for him
then a man says you were saying against
santa
but we can't even defeat his army
the general says i'm not saying against
him
i am just suggesting buying california
from him
he says santa will do an expensive war
but he has a shortage of money
the man says we do have not enough money
to buy california from him
the general says i have done a deal with
him already
after it he opens a box in which there
was gold he says tomorrow everyone will
meet me here so your doubts will be
clear
it means there will be no suspicion in
anyone's heart
he takes them to a place where he has
placed much gold of santa secretly
it means after robbing it
like this we can but this country from
his gold
we see zoro's daughter goes with him
she asks him when you are with alejandro
he tells from a long time
then she shares her feeling about
alejandra with him
zorro tells her you to like your mother
he asks how do you know this
zorro says i have assumed that you
didn't look like general
zorro's daughter says maybe we have met
earlier
because you don't seem unknown to me
it is a pleasant feeling
the general's men offer wine to
alejandro
in which there was his brother's head
in another drink there was his hand
he says you are not the person you are
pretending to be
alejandro says i expect you are
considering me the person that i am
alejandro was depressed
he says to zorro we have to hide our
hate for the sack of revenge
he gives him the black mask
in the next scene we see the general and
general's man while talking
meanwhile the alarm rings
they become alert because soro comes
there
the general gives orders to double the
security
the general's man says to general we
have to remove all the evidence
the generals secretly pick up those
papers
after it there is a fight between
general's man and alejandro
the general also comes there
while fighting alejandro runs from there
then zoro's daughter comes there and
says whatever you rob from my father
return it he says i can't give you the
proper instructions right now
then they fight
alejandro leaves form there
in the morning all the soldiers were
chasing alejandro
with the technique of zorro
alejandro makes them all fall and moves
forward while beating them all in the
next scene he was telling soro his plan
how they will save all workers of mine
zorro says i will not go with you i have
my own personal matters
alejandro says how can you forget
that we have to save them all
he says i have devoted my whole life to
them
he insists him this is not right and
leaves from there in the next scene we
see the generals man
he tells the general every place is
sealed and there is security
the general was in the mine he locks the
workers because he wants to burn the
mine
meanwhile alejandra comes there
on another side diego also comes there
and fights with the general
elena comes there
the general places his sword on that
girl's neck
and asks her to fall down her sword
elena pushes him and they fight again
here diego locks the general with a rope
there was a blast
but fortunately they all escaped from
there safely
in the last scene diego was taking his
last breaths
he gives alejandro's hand in eleno's
hand
after a few years we see alejandro and
elena have a son
his name is joaquin
alejandra was telling him the story of
zorro like diego
they live their life happily
with it this movie ends here